Greedy Method
The greedy method is one of the strategies like Divide and conquer used to solve the problems. This method is used for solving optimization problems.
An optimization problem is a problem that demands either maximum or minimum results. 
The Greedy method is the simplest and straightforward approach.
It is not an algorithm, but it is a technique. Greedy is an algorithmic paradigm that builds up a solution piece by piece,
always choosing the next piece that offers the most obvious and immediate benefit. So the problems where choosing locally optimal
also leads to global solution are the best fit for Greedy.

The following are the characteristics of a greedy method:
o	To construct the solution in an optimal way, this algorithm creates two sets where one set contains all the chosen items,
    and another set contains the rejected items.
o	A Greedy algorithm makes good local choices in the hope that the solution should be either feasible or optimal.

Components of Greedy Algorithm
The components that can be used in the greedy algorithm are:
o	Candidate set: A solution that is created from the set is known as a candidate set.
o	Selection function: This function is used to choose the candidate or subset which can be added in the solution.
o	Feasibility function: A function that is used to determine whether the candidate or subset can be used to contribute to the solution or not.
o	Objective function: A function is used to assign the value to the solution or the partial solution.
o	Solution function: This function is used to intimate whether the complete function has been reached or not.

Applications of Greedy Algorithm
	It is used in finding the shortest path.
	It is used to find the minimum spanning tree using the prim's algorithm or the Kruskal's algorithm.
	It is used in a job sequencing with a deadline.
	This algorithm is also used to solve the fractional knapsack problem.

Disadvantages of using Greedy algorithm
Greedy algorithm makes decisions based on the information available at each phase without considering the broader problem.
So, there might be a possibility that the greedy solution does not give the best solution for every problem.
